Extend Batch file Rocket: row event from event handler + add support for jsonl files (#619)
boostercloud/booster: packages/rocket-batch-file-process-aws-infrastructure/README.md

This Lambda function will

- Split the source file in smaller chunks. The chunk size is defined by the user as input parameter of the rocket.
- Persist the new formed chunk file in the Staging Bucket.
- Persist a new event (containing fileUri and fileSize) for each chunk in the Event Store.

Then, for every chunk file dropped in the Staging rocket a new Lambda function will be triggered that will:

- Read each chunk file line by line and persist a new event in the Events Store for each row

> This event is defined in the Booster application and can be consumed from the Event Handler for any kind of processing.

Reviewer: I'd rephrase this a little bit for consistency:

```suggestion
This event is registered in the Booster application's event store as a regular event named `RowAdded`. Then, you can create event handlers to perform any kind of processing.
```

I'd also put an example of a full event handler processing a `RowAdded` event here.

Author: Yes totally! I will re-write the whole doc with a full end to end example. It is not clear now.

You drop your file, and you implement your logic based on an event representing a line of the file.

> *Disclaimer: Currently the rocket supports CSV and jsonl files.* 

Reviewer 2: Can we put in the docs an example of the event "the booster way"? For example, when I used this rocket on 0.11.3 version, I defined my event like this:
```
@Event
export class S3Changed {
  public constructor(readonly id: UUID, readonly s3uri: string, readonly fileSize: string) {}

  public entityID(): UUID {
    return this.id
  }
}
```
Will it have a different format now? Do I need 2 events now that we have 2 lambdas saving events? Which one per which case?

Author: @juanjoman Yes I will update the doc to reflect his in a better way. 

In the previous version we were reacting to the Event Handler to the following event (defined in the rocket btw)

```
import { Event } from '@boostercloud/framework-core'
import { UUID } from '@boostercloud/framework-types'

@Event
export class FileAdded {
  public constructor(readonly fileURI: string, readonly filesize: number) {}

  public entityID(): UUID {
    return this.fileURI
  }
}
```

where `FileAdded` represents the chunk file.

In the current implementation you only need the event defined in your booster apps that represents one line of your file. See the example https://github.com/theam/process-jsonl-file

I need to explain this better overall :)

  config.provider = Provider([{
    packageName: '@boostercloud/rocket-batch-file-process-aws-infrastructure', 
    parameters: {
      config: {
        bucketName: 'test-bucket',
        chunkSize: '2',
      },
      rowEvent: {

>         entityId: 'id',

Reviewer 2: Aren't we restricting the user by adding `entityId`? I mean, we'd be supposing that the user wants to update the exact same entity all the time, no matter the S3 structure.

Author: I didn't get this comment @juanjoman We are passing the entityId of the event we defined in our booster app. The rocket needs to know about which attribute is the entity ID because when saving a booster event we need this piece of info https://github.com/boostercloud/booster/blob/606d13c4e0bee83b777c631f74a7c1e571724780/packages/rocket-batch-file-process-aws-infrastructure/src/file-to-line-event-lambda/index.ts#L74

>         eventTypeName: 'RowAdded',

Reviewer: When developing rockets, we have to be aware of too standard names, because it's easy that they collide with existing or future application event names. Ideally we should find a way to "scope" our rocket events, like using `BatchProcessor.RowAdded` instead of just `RowAdded`. Or an alternative If that's not possible, you get the point.

Author: @javiertoledo Actually the `RowAdded` comes from the Booster app and is defined by the user. I think my README is definitely not clear. I will improve it :) 

This is the example of the Booster app.
